Guys take him to the back for me
Oops, give it a good shake
Stop it, it's the waste boy of our Lu family.
I thought you weren't coming.
Wu Xiang
Let my sister go now
Or I'll make your life worse than death
What are you talking about?
Wu Xiang
I'll give you one last chance.
Come here, come here, I'll kill him
Wu Qiang Lunan is a distinguished guest of my Uncle Wu's house
Give Uncle Wu's family a face
Let his sister go
My uncle's family will definitely remember
You ignore the uncle you gave this time
Uncle wants face, right?
Yes, I won't give it to you.
If not
I let him go.
You put it down
If we can win a losing streak with your losers
That old man doesn't know this Dokon
Let go let go
Put what for me
Ahhh
Ah!
My left hand touched my sister just now
Right hand meets right hand
Would you?
What do you want to do?